------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGILENT ICT BOARD PLACEMENT                Tue Oct  9 09:19:58 2007      

C:/Agilent_ICT/boards/Trutnov/3RW30/1793_1796/fixture/summary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Inserted fixture part number "44200S" into the fixture object file.
   The fixture part number was selected based on the fixture parameters
   specified.  If you wish to use an alternative fixture part number, please
   list the fixture object and replace the fixture part number in the fixture
   file with one of the other recognized part numbers described in the manual.

Trying to use the placement entered into the board_xy file by the user.

The selected board placement will not be compatible
   with the automatic board handler.
 (WARNING BPL44)

Board "1793_1796%1" has potential locations that are outside the probable area
   of the fixture.   Subsequent fixture software may have no alternative
   but to use some of these locations for probing to insure access to
   all nodes.  Selecting a new board placement could eliminate this
   problem. (WARNING BPL85)

Tooling pin (1181,29724) on board "1793_1796%1" is outside the probable area
   of the fixture.  Placing tooling pins in this region of the fixture is
   not recommended.  Selecting a new board placement could eliminate this
   problem. (WARNING BPL86)

Board "1793_1796%2" has potential locations that are outside the probable area
   of the fixture.   Subsequent fixture software may have no alternative
   but to use some of these locations for probing to insure access to
   all nodes.  Selecting a new board placement could eliminate this
   problem. (WARNING BPL85)

Tooling pin (1181,29724) on board "1793_1796%2" is outside the probable area
   of the fixture.  Placing tooling pins in this region of the fixture is
   not recommended.  Selecting a new board placement could eliminate this
   problem. (WARNING BPL86)

The board "1793_1796" was placed at X =  0, Y =  0
  with a rotation of  0.000 degrees.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGILENT ICT PROBE SELECTION                Tue Oct  9 09:21:26 2007      

C:/Agilent_ICT/boards/Trutnov/3RW30/1793_1796/fixture/summary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


   BOARD 1793_1796%1 PROBE REPORT FOR ALL NODES 


   Summary Report 

   Nodes that are inaccessible or need more probes           =   21
   Maximum probe force density (oz./sq. in.)                 =  140
   Number of probes exceeding density threshold              =   31
   Number of light spring force probes used                  =   94
   Number of 50MIL probes used                               =    3
   Nodes marked for dual stage probes that could
      not be assigned dual stage probes                      =    0
   Number of probes close to the edge of the board
      for a vacuum fixture                                   =    0
   Number of probes close to the edge of the board
      for a mechanical fixture                               =    0
   Nodes added to the fixture                                =  161
   Nodes marked NO_PROBE or NO_ACCESS in board_xy            =    0
   Number of devices that are testjet probe inaccessible     =    0
   Number of installed testjet probes added to the fixture   =    3
   Number of future testjet probes added to the fixture      =    0
   Alternate probing locations discarded                     =    1

   BOARD 1793_1796%2 PROBE REPORT FOR ALL NODES 


   Summary Report 

   Nodes that are inaccessible or need more probes           =   20
   Maximum probe force density (oz./sq. in.)                 =  140
   Number of probes exceeding density threshold              =   30
   Number of light spring force probes used                  =   94
   Number of 50MIL probes used                               =    3
   Nodes marked for dual stage probes that could
      not be assigned dual stage probes                      =    0
   Number of probes close to the edge of the board
      for a vacuum fixture                                   =    0
   Number of probes close to the edge of the board
      for a mechanical fixture                               =    0
   Nodes added to the fixture                                =  164
   Nodes marked NO_PROBE or NO_ACCESS in board_xy            =    0
   Number of devices that are testjet probe inaccessible     =    0
   Number of installed testjet probes added to the fixture   =    3
   Number of future testjet probes added to the fixture      =    0
   Alternate probing locations discarded                     =    0

   Pins blocked during this run of Probe Select              =   27
      Blocked pins actually in the configuration             =   14
      Blocked pins not in the configuration                  =   13
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGILENT ICT MODULE PIN ASSIGNMENT          Tue Oct  9 09:27:51 2007      

C:/Agilent_ICT/boards/Trutnov/3RW30/1793_1796/fixture/summary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Module Pin Assignment was run at the standard experience level.
 
Remote sense measurement for Node 1%L1 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%L3 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%P1V61 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%P1V65 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%P1V69 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN548 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN559 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN567 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN580 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN581 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN582 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN583 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN597 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN598 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN606 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN607 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN610 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN611 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN612 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN615 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN618 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN628 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN636 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN640 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN642 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN647 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN648 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN658 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN659 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN660 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN661 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN669 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN671 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%L1 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%L3 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%P1V61 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%P1V65 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%P1V69 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN350 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN355 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN356 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN364 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN365 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN394 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN395 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN396 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN397 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN411 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN412 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN418 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN419 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN422 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN423 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN424 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN427 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN430 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN440 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN448 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN452 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN454 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN459 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN460 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN517 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN518 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN519 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN520 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN526 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN527 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGILENT ICT MODULE PIN ASSIGNMENT          Tue Oct  9 09:27:51 2007      

C:/Agilent_ICT/boards/Trutnov/3RW30/1793_1796/fixture/summary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      ASSIGNMENT REPORT FOR ALL BOARDS
 
     SUMMARY STATISTICS
 
        For precision nodes:
 
            The average BRC to probe distance is 2.182.
            The standard deviation is 1.960.
 
            * precision nodes include critical nodes, digital 
              nodes, and analog nodes using external 
              instrumentation or the time interval counter
 
        For all nodes:
 
            The assignment used 397 interface pins for 321 nodes.
            The efficiency is 0.809.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGILENT ICT FIXTURE TOOLING                Tue Oct  9 09:28:06 2007      

C:/Agilent_ICT/boards/Trutnov/3RW30/1793_1796/fixture/summary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The node '1%SIGN540' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN541' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN542' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN543' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN544' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN545' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN546' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN554' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN555' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN557' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN570' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN584' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN588' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN650' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN653' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN654' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN707' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN708' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN709' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN716' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN786' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%V432%in1' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%V433%in1' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN351' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN353' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN360' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN367' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN368' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN369' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN370' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN371' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN373' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN374' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN398' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN402' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN509' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN510' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN512' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN513' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN515' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN516' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN562' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN565' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%V432%in1' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%V433%in1' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
Fixture Type : Agilent SimPlate Express
Fixture Size : Bank 2
Fixture Part Number : 44200S
Top Probes Allowed : Disabled
Autofile : 1101
Units : Metric
Wiring Method : Automatic
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Count
-----
    6  Probes    Type:  50 mil  Spring Force Max.: 1 N 
   13  Probes    Type:  75 mil  Spring Force Max.: 2 N 
   35  Probes    Type:  75 mil  Spring Force Max.: 1 N 
  147  Probes    Type: 100 mil  Spring Force Max.: 1 N 
  160  Probes    Type: 100 mil  Spring Force Max.: 2 N 
    2  Extra Probes Type:  75 mil
    2  Extra Probes Type:  50 mil
   37  Extra Probes Type: 100 mil
    4  Probe :  Testjet Standard Using Probe Method
    2  Probe :  Testjet Small    Using Probe Method
  509  Pins
  126  Extra Pins
    1  TestJet MUX Cards 
    4  Hybrid Cards
    2  Analog Cards
    1  Access Cards
    4  Tooling Pins

Count  Color  Gauge  Length 
------|------|-----|---------
   53  Black   28    30 mm
    6  Black   28    40 mm
    6  Black   28    60 mm
    9  Black   28    70 mm
    5  Black   28    80 mm
   11  Black   28    90 mm
   12  Black   28   110 mm
    5  Black   28   120 mm
    2  Black   28   130 mm
    3  Black   28   140 mm
    3  Black   28   160 mm
    2  Black   28   170 mm
    3  Black   28   180 mm
    1  Black   28   200 mm
    5  Black   28   210 mm
    6  Black   28   230 mm
    1  Black   28   260 mm
-----------------------------
  133  Black   28  11060 mm

    1   Blue   30    60 mm
    1   Blue   30    70 mm
    1   Blue   30    80 mm
    3   Blue   30   140 mm
-----------------------------
    6   Blue   30   630 mm

   33   Blue   28    30 mm
   10   Blue   28    40 mm
   15   Blue   28    60 mm
   38   Blue   28    70 mm
   27   Blue   28    80 mm
   27   Blue   28    90 mm
   22   Blue   28   110 mm
   35   Blue   28   120 mm
   13   Blue   28   130 mm
   19   Blue   28   140 mm
   25   Blue   28   160 mm
   27   Blue   28   170 mm
   25   Blue   28   180 mm
   25   Blue   28   200 mm
   22   Blue   28   210 mm
   18   Blue   28   230 mm
    2   Blue   28   260 mm
    1   Blue   28   280 mm
-----------------------------
  384   Blue   28  48160 mm

    1   Red    28    80 mm
    3   Red    28    90 mm
    2   Red    28   110 mm
    2   Red    28   120 mm
    2   Red    28   200 mm
-----------------------------
   10   Red    28  1210 mm

=============================
  533              61060 mm Total


see files: wires, inserts, trace, drill, drillsup, details
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGILENT ICT PROBE SELECTION                Tue Oct  9 10:40:44 2007      

C:/Agilent_ICT/boards/Trutnov/3RW30/1793_1796/fixture/summary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


   BOARD 1793_1796%1 PROBE REPORT FOR ALL NODES 


   Incremental Summary Report 

   Nodes that are inaccessible or need more probes           =   21
   Number of new probe holes you need to drill               =    0
   Probes you need to insert into existing alternate holes   =    0
   Maximum probe force density (oz./sq. in.)                 =  140
   Number of probes exceeding density threshold              =    0
   Number of light spring force probes used                  =    0
   Number of 50MIL probes used                               =    0
   Nodes marked for dual stage probes that could
      not be assigned dual stage probes                      =    0
   Number of probes close to the edge of the board
      for a vacuum fixture                                   =    0
   Number of probes close to the edge of the board
      for a mechanical fixture                               =    0
   Nodes added to the fixture                                =    2
   Nodes no longer used in the fixture                       =    0
   Nodes subject to  modifications                           =    0
   Nodes marked NO_PROBE or NO_ACCESS in board_xy            =    0
   Nodes no longer used in the fixture because they now
      are marked NO_PROBE or NO_ACCESS in board_xy           =    0
   Number of devices that are testjet probe inaccessible     =    0
   Number of installed testjet probes to be drilled          =    0
   Number of future testjet probes to be drilled             =    0
   Number of future testjet probes to be installed           =    0
   Alternate probing locations discarded                     =    0

   BOARD 1793_1796%2 PROBE REPORT FOR ALL NODES 


   Incremental Summary Report 

   Nodes that are inaccessible or need more probes           =   20
   Number of new probe holes you need to drill               =    0
   Probes you need to insert into existing alternate holes   =    0
   Maximum probe force density (oz./sq. in.)                 =  140
   Number of probes exceeding density threshold              =    0
   Number of light spring force probes used                  =    0
   Number of 50MIL probes used                               =    0
   Nodes marked for dual stage probes that could
      not be assigned dual stage probes                      =    0
   Number of probes close to the edge of the board
      for a vacuum fixture                                   =    0
   Number of probes close to the edge of the board
      for a mechanical fixture                               =    0
   Nodes added to the fixture                                =    2
   Nodes no longer used in the fixture                       =    0
   Nodes subject to  modifications                           =    0
   Nodes marked NO_PROBE or NO_ACCESS in board_xy            =    0
   Nodes no longer used in the fixture because they now
      are marked NO_PROBE or NO_ACCESS in board_xy           =    0
   Number of devices that are testjet probe inaccessible     =    0
   Number of installed testjet probes to be drilled          =    0
   Number of future testjet probes to be drilled             =    0
   Number of future testjet probes to be installed           =    0
   Alternate probing locations discarded                     =    0

   Pins blocked during this run of Probe Select              =    0
      Blocked pins actually in the configuration             =    0
      Blocked pins not in the configuration                  =    0
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGILENT ICT MODULE PIN ASSIGNMENT          Tue Oct  9 10:41:20 2007      

C:/Agilent_ICT/boards/Trutnov/3RW30/1793_1796/fixture/summary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Module Pin Assignment was run at the standard experience level.
 
Remote sense measurement for Node 1%L1 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%L3 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%P1V61 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%P1V65 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%P1V69 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN548 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN559 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN567 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN580 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN581 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN582 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN583 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN597 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN598 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN606 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN607 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN610 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN611 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN612 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN615 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN618 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN628 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN636 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN640 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN642 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN647 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN648 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN658 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN659 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN660 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN661 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN669 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 1%SIGN671 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%L1 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%L3 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%P1V61 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%P1V65 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%P1V69 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN350 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN355 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN356 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN364 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN365 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN394 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN395 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN396 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN397 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN411 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN412 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN418 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN419 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN422 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN423 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN424 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN427 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN430 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN440 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN448 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN452 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN454 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN459 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN460 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN517 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN518 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN519 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN520 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN526 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Remote sense measurement for Node 2%SIGN527 on Board 1793_1796 
would be improved with a second probe.  Only one probe for this 
node was found in the fixture. Two probes are required to separate 
signal from sense. (WARNING MPA425)

Module Pin Assignment did not add any new wires to or 
delete any wires from the wirelist.
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGILENT ICT MODULE PIN ASSIGNMENT          Tue Oct  9 10:41:20 2007      

C:/Agilent_ICT/boards/Trutnov/3RW30/1793_1796/fixture/summary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      ASSIGNMENT REPORT FOR ALL BOARDS
 
     SUMMARY STATISTICS
 
        For precision nodes:
 
            The average BRC to probe distance is 2.182.
            The standard deviation is 1.960.
 
            * precision nodes include critical nodes, digital 
              nodes, and analog nodes using external 
              instrumentation or the time interval counter
 
        For all nodes:
 
            The assignment used 397 interface pins for 321 nodes.
            The efficiency is 0.809.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AGILENT ICT FIXTURE TOOLING                Tue Oct  9 10:41:29 2007      

C:/Agilent_ICT/boards/Trutnov/3RW30/1793_1796/fixture/summary
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The node '1%SIGN540' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN541' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN542' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN543' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN544' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN545' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN546' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN554' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN555' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN557' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN570' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN584' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN588' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN650' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN653' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN654' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN707' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN708' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN709' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN716' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%SIGN786' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%V432%in1' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '1%V433%in1' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN351' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN353' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN360' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN367' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN368' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN369' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN370' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN371' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN373' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN374' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN398' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN402' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN509' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN510' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN512' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN513' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN515' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN516' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN562' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%SIGN565' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%V432%in1' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
The node '2%V433%in1' is being removed from the fixture 
 since it is inaccessible, has no test resources assigned to it or both.
 (WARNING FXT40)
Fixture Type : Agilent SimPlate Express
Fixture Size : Bank 2
Fixture Part Number : 44200S
Top Probes Allowed : Disabled
Autofile : 1101
Units : Metric
Wiring Method : Automatic
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Count
-----
    6  Probes    Type:  50 mil  Spring Force Max.: 1 N 
   13  Probes    Type:  75 mil  Spring Force Max.: 2 N 
   35  Probes    Type:  75 mil  Spring Force Max.: 1 N 
  147  Probes    Type: 100 mil  Spring Force Max.: 1 N 
  160  Probes    Type: 100 mil  Spring Force Max.: 2 N 
    2  Extra Probes Type:  75 mil
    2  Extra Probes Type:  50 mil
   37  Extra Probes Type: 100 mil
    4  Probe :  Testjet Standard Using Probe Method
    2  Probe :  Testjet Small    Using Probe Method
  503  Pins
  132  Extra Pins
    1  TestJet MUX Cards 
    4  Hybrid Cards
    2  Analog Cards
    1  Access Cards
    4  Tooling Pins

Count  Color  Gauge  Length 
------|------|-----|---------
    1  Black   28    25 mm
   53  Black   28    30 mm
    6  Black   28    40 mm
    1  Black   28    55 mm
    6  Black   28    60 mm
    9  Black   28    70 mm
    5  Black   28    80 mm
   11  Black   28    90 mm
   12  Black   28   110 mm
    5  Black   28   120 mm
    2  Black   28   130 mm
    3  Black   28   140 mm
    3  Black   28   160 mm
    2  Black   28   170 mm
    3  Black   28   180 mm
    1  Black   28   200 mm
    5  Black   28   210 mm
    6  Black   28   230 mm
    1  Black   28   260 mm
-----------------------------
  135  Black   28  11140 mm

    1   Blue   30    60 mm
    1   Blue   30    70 mm
    1   Blue   30    80 mm
    3   Blue   30   140 mm
-----------------------------
    6   Blue   30   630 mm

    3   Blue   28    10 mm
   33   Blue   28    30 mm
   10   Blue   28    40 mm
   15   Blue   28    60 mm
   38   Blue   28    70 mm
   27   Blue   28    80 mm
   27   Blue   28    90 mm
   22   Blue   28   110 mm
   35   Blue   28   120 mm
   13   Blue   28   130 mm
   19   Blue   28   140 mm
   25   Blue   28   160 mm
   27   Blue   28   170 mm
   25   Blue   28   180 mm
   25   Blue   28   200 mm
   22   Blue   28   210 mm
   18   Blue   28   230 mm
    2   Blue   28   260 mm
    1   Blue   28   280 mm
-----------------------------
  387   Blue   28  48190 mm

    1   Red    28    80 mm
    3   Red    28    90 mm
    2   Red    28   110 mm
    2   Red    28   120 mm
    2   Red    28   200 mm
-----------------------------
   10   Red    28  1210 mm

=============================
  538              61170 mm Total


see files: wires, inserts, trace, drill, drillsup, details
